ref: document `dvc queue` (#3715)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/queue/start.md

## queue start

Start the
[DVC experiments](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview)
task queue worker process.

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc queue start [-h] [-q | -v] [-j <number>]
```

## Description

Starts the task queue worker process. The worker process will consume and
execute one queued experiment task at a time in the background, until either
`dvc queue stop` is used or the queue is empty.

> > For performance reasons, when the queue is empty, the worker will idle for up

Reviewer: What are the performance reasons? TBH I still don't get why we have the 60-second idling.

Author: There's a decent amount of overhead required to start the celery worker each time. If we don't really need to handle the use case where users are adding to the queue after running an experiment then we can reduce/remove the timeout.

Author: @dberenbaum actually I just checked and the timeout was already reduced to 10 seconds in the dev branch. I have been using 60 seconds locally for testing purposes and forgot that we had already lowered the timeout for the actual feature branch.

I updated the note to reflect this, not sure if we need to lower the timeout any more than that.

Reviewer: I'm not worried about the length of the timeout, just explaining that it exists and why 😄 . I would guess in real-life scenarios it won't be a major issue either way since users aren't frequently going to be queuing or completing experiments in seconds.

> to 60 seconds before exiting. If new experiment tasks are added to the queue
> during this time, the worker will resume processing tasks. Otherwise, the
> worker will exit after the 60 second idle timeout.

Queued tasks are run sequentially by default, but can be run in parallel using
the `--jobs` option.

> ⚠️ Parallel runs are experimental and may be unstable. Make sure you're using
> a number of jobs that your environment can handle (no more than the CPU
> cores).

> Note that since queued experiments are run isolated from each other, common
> stages may sometimes be executed several times depending on the state of the
> [run-cache] at that time.

## Options

- `-j <number>`, `--<number>` - start up to this number of workers in parallel.
  Defaults to 1 (the task queue is processed serially).

  > Note that if any queue worker processes have already been started, this
  > command will not start additional processes unless `number` is greater than
  > the number of existing workers (`number` is treated as the maximum allowed

>   > concurrency value).

Reviewer: 👀 So it's possible to do `dvc queue start` followed by `dvc queue start -j 2` now? I didn't realize this was already supported.

Author: Yes this is enabled now

Reviewer 2: > 👀 So it's possible to do `dvc queue start` followed by `dvc queue start -j 2` now? I didn't realize this was already supported.

It will show that only create 1 new worker at the second `queue start`

## queue start

Start the
[DVC experiments](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview)

> task queue worker process.

Reviewer 3: Let's use more user-perspective descriptions. In this case something like what we have for `exp run --run-all`:

"~~Run~~Start running all queued experiments ... outside your workspace (in `.dvc/tmp/exps`)."

Reviewer: @pmrowla What do you think?

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc queue start [-h] [-q | -v] [-j <number>]
```

## Description

Starts one or more task queue worker processes. Each worker process will consume
and execute one queued experiment task at a time in the background, until either
`dvc queue stop` is used or the queue is empty.

> > Due to Celery worker implementation details, when the queue is empty, a worker
> > process may idle for up to 10 seconds before exiting automatically. If new
> > experiment tasks are added to the queue during this time, the worker will
> > resume processing tasks instead of exiting. Otherwise, the worker will exit
> > after the 10 second idle timeout.

Reviewer 3: Proper admon, link to implementation details (in guide), edits. Committing

```suggestion
<admon type="info">

Due to [internal limitations], when the queue is empty a worker
may be idle for up to 10 seconds before exiting. If new
experiment tasks are added to the queue during this time, the idle worker will
resume processing them instead.

[implementation limitations]:
  /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/running-experiments#how-are-experiments-queued

</admon>
```

## queue start

Start the
[DVC experiments](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview)
task queue worker process.

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc queue start [-h] [-q | -v] [-j <number>]
```

## Description

Starts one or more task queue worker processes. Each worker process will consume
and execute one queued experiment task at a time in the background, until either
`dvc queue stop` is used or the queue is empty.

<admon type="info">

Due to [internal limitations], when the queue is empty a worker
may be idle for up to 10 seconds before exiting. If new
experiment tasks are added to the queue during this time, the idle worker will
resume processing them instead.

[implementation limitations]:
  /doc/user-guide/experiment-management/running-experiments#how-are-experiments-queued

</admon>

> Queued tasks are run sequentially by default, but can be run in parallel using
> the `--jobs` option.

Reviewer 3: Edit (committing)
```suggestion
Queued experiment tasks are run sequentially by default, but can be run in parallel by using
the `--jobs` option to start  more than one worker.
```

> ⚠️ Parallel runs are experimental and may be unstable. Make sure you're using
> a number of jobs that your environment can handle (no more than the CPU

> > cores).

Reviewer 3: Please use `<admon>` instead of block quotes throughout. See https://github.com/iterative/cml.dev/pull/210#issue-1178579878 for usage info. Thanks
